Don't use ECN if packets are discarded (#2750)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

An on-the-side attacker can duplicate and send packets with modified ECN
codepoints to affect the sender's rate.  If duplicate packets are discarded by a
receiver, an off-path attacker will need to race the duplicate packet against
the original to be successful in this attack.  Therefore, QUIC endpoints ignore

> the ECN codepoint field on an IP packet unless a QUIC packet in that IP packet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ECN codepoint field on an IP packet unless at least one QUIC packet in that IP packet
```
